The mouse was strutting along Cheese Avenue. The Puppy saw him and said
" you look like you know something that no one else knows."
"You guessed it," squeaked the mouse.  I do know that!"
"It's a big secret!
 But I'm your friend."
"You're a friend, but a secret is a secret!"
 You can't keep secrets from your friends.
 Well. Tell you. But only younot a word to anyone. Okay?
 Goes.
Then listen I'll be performing in a circus! Before the public. But I didn't tell you anything.
"Not a word!
And they went their separate ways. And from the alley already cow Moray Emerged.
The mouse noticed her and ran to the other side of the Avenue.
"Hey, baby!  Moray Called to him.  What are you passing by? Are you wondering or is it just that simple?
"Tell me, too!" You're my... best friend  " the mouse mumbled, and looked up at her.
 I can see by your eyes that you're not telling me something!"
 The mouse looked down timidly.
"Then tell me!"
 Unable. This is a big, you know, secret!
"Your secret is big, and I'm big, too. So we are worthy of each other.
"Okay,I did. But to others, no sound.
"No one! You know me.
"All right. You can congratulate me. I'm going to be a circus performer soon!
 Congratulate. I never would have thought!
"Remember our deal?"
 Like a multiplication table. You're hurting me, baby!
"That's great. Bye!
 Be healthy!
Muranka waved goodbye with their tail and they broke up.
Met A Mouse Duckling:
 Hello! Let's chat.
 I don't have time to do anything stupid.
 What do you do?"
"It's a big secret, you see," said the mouse significantly.
"Oh, how interesting! Will you open it for me?  the Duckling caught fire.  I haven't kept any of my secrets from you!"
 That's true. All right. Share. But one condition: that no one knows anything.
 Honestly wankowski!
 I am preparing a circus program. Imagine, I will soon become an artist!
 Wow!  the Duckling grunted in surprise.
 One request to you,  the mouse looked at his friend pleadingly.  What you know, no one can find out!"
 Not to worry. My beak is locked.Goodbye, Duckling! We'll chat some other time.
 When's the other time?"!  Duckling called after the Mouse.
But the mouse didn't hear him. He ran forward along the Avenue. Then he stopped dead in his tracks. Before him stood a huge, maned lion.Privet, baby!  the lion barked.
Hello...  stammering and shifting from one foot to the other, the mouse replied and looked questioningly at the Lion.
"How are you?"  Lev asked, just like that.
 This is, frankly, a big secret!  the mouse immediately intrigued him.
What  oo?  immediately and did not understand the lion.
"Big secret," the mouse repeated softly.
 Interesting! How is it with such a tiny Mouse a little thing like that ... might have a big secret? Ha! Tell me, and I'll listen and decide for myself whether it's a big secret or a small one.
 Please. Here's my secret: I'm preparing a number for the circus!  the mouse blurted out.
Lev grimaced:
 and this is your whole secret?
 No. This is just the beginning of a secret.
 Admit. Well, go on
 My number is not just a number, but an amazing number!  the mouse tapped his chest with a paw.
"Come on... Come on..." the rudest of the rudest took the bait.
"Have you ever seen a mouse in the circus ring training ... training ... a lion?"  the mouse finished the sentence with difficulty.
"Oh, my little one!  the lion gaped indignantly.
"Well," the mouse went on, as if not noticing anything,  there is already a mouse for this excellent unprecedented number It's me!
 You?  Lev was surprised.
"Of course. But I'm not enough. You also need... and
 Finish it!  the worst of the worst growled.
 This is clear to the hedgehog. We also need a lion. That is you.
 And you think I'll agree?"
 Every smart lion would have agreed. Because a lion that everyone is just afraid of can suddenly become a favorite and worldfamous artist. Would a smart person refuse to do this?
MYes... Something tempting in your offer, perhaps, is,  the lion shook a red mane.
"Of course!  the mouse was inspired.  Imagine: the orchestra plays tush  and we appear in the arena. I slap my whip
"With a whip?"  have heard the worst of the worst.
 On sawdust, of course, for the sake of appearance Otherwise, the public won't believe it. And then you jump from pedestal to pedestal through the burning ring, do dizzying somersaults and growl so that the audience trembles with fear!...
And at the end of the number, you stand on your hind legs and bow politely to the audience. You and I, of course, flowers, applause, turning into ovations ... glory
 Beautiful! Good idea!  Lev agreed.
"Now tell me: is my secret big or small?"
"A secret, though mouselike, but still... big!  the strongest of the strongest confessed.
The mouse clapped his hands for joy.
 Are you sure we're going to be famous?"  the wildest of the wild growled.
"One hundred percent!" This number can only dream of any Director of any circus: "A mouse with a trained lion". This is a real sensation!
"The real ... what?"  asked the lion.
"Well, in short, something that never happened and it is not yet known whether it will ever happen again.
"I see," said Lev.
The mouse waited impatiently for the end of their conversation. And suddenly the wisest of the wisest carefully lifted the Mouse on an outstretched paw and asked:
 When do we have the first training session?
The mouse twitched his whiskers slightly and said:
 Even now!
Meet my family. There are five of us – my parents, my elder brother, my baby sister and me. First, meet my mum and dad, Jane and Michael.
My mum enjoys reading and my dad enjoys playing chess with my brother Ken. My mum is slim and rather tall. She has long red hair and big brown eyes.
She has a very pleasant smile and a soft voice. My mother is very kind and understanding. We are real friends. She is a housewife.
As she has three children, she is always busy around the house. She takes care of my baby sister Meg, who is only three months old.
My sister is very small and funny. She sleeps, eats and sometimes cries. We all help our mother and let her have a rest in the evening.
Then she usually reads a book or just watches TV. My father is a doctor. He is tall and handsome. He has short dark hair and gray eyes.
He is a very hardworking man. He is rather strict with us, but always fair. My elder brother Ken is thirteen, and he is very clever.
He is good at Maths and always helps me with it, because I can hardly understand all these sums and problems. Ken has red hair and brown eyes.
My name is Jessica. I am eleven. I have long dark hair and brown eyes. I am not as clever as my brother, though I try to do my best at school too.
I am fond of dancing. Our dancing studio won The Best Dancing Studio 2015 competition last month.
I am very proud of it. I also like to help my mother with my little sister very much. Our family is very united.
We love each other and always try to spend more time together.
Hello, world! Hello, world! Hello, world! Hello, world! Hello, world! Hello, world! Hello, world! Hello, world! Hello, world! Hello, world!